hey everyone Jodi back to sink you up on
the latest from the world of gaming
today's top story is a trend that won't
surprise many of us Activision has
announced Call of Duty Elite an online
service offering extra content for a
monthly fee infinity ward's Robert
Bowling shared on Twitter that call of
daily is free but some aspects of the
service will require a subscription he
also reminded fans that modern warfare 3
s multiplayer will remain free
Activision did tell the wall street
journal that the monthly cost will be
less than netflix $8 monthly fee in
exchange subscribers will gain access to
map packs and in-game performance tools
among other perks the surface will
arrive on november eight alongside
modern warfare 3 but we'll have a beta
with black ops this summer for more
information read gamespot's brand new
preview Call of Duty Elite in handheld
news nintendo announced the DS Lite will
now cost 9999 starting june fifth the
thirty dollar price cut will be offered
in the US market and will be effective
the day before their e3 press conference
today the entire Diaz family has sold
close to 50 million units in the US
making it the best-selling system in US
history Nintendo also announces the top
60 s Mario games sold in the US will
also be getting a makeover sporting new
bright red boxes for a list of those
games and more in the DS Lite story go
to news gamespot com today's preview
cupboard sees an exclusive coming out of
the game spot UK office for body count
Jane Douglas takes a look at the shooter
coming from the codemasters Guildford's
studio and how they're changing the way
first-person shooters are played their
new cover lean mechanic uses the left
trigger to plant your character in place
as opposed to staring down the site of
your gun players then use the right
analog stick to control how you duck and
weave on that spot I know sounds a bit
strange but check out all the info on
the body count in Jane's preview and
interview body count is coming to the pc
playstation 3 and xbox 360 later the
here in other previews we've got some
tasty slices of starcraft tues expansion
pack recently max will make me travel to
the blizzard headquarters for some
hands-on time with the upcoming
stanchion pack heart of the swarm
players to step into the role of Sarah
Kerrigan who like the hero characters
from Warcraft free can be customized to
fit your play style maximum McGee put
the former queen of blades through her
paces in two missions from the game's
single-player campaign check out his
developer interviews and written preview
for more on starcraft 2 heart of the
swarm the latest sound bite has details
about flavor Japan the album which was
put together to raise money for those
affected by the tsunami and quake last
March Akira Yamaoka known for composing
music for the silent heal series has
worked with the video game music
community to compile 18 tracks from
different artists in the industry Sofia
Tong enlightens us with what some of the
artists have to say about the album and
there's also a sample we're checking out
surprise we have our first game spot
trivia today we're giving away a gave
spot sync xbox 360 case if you're a true
fan you'll know the answer to this
question how many hats have I worn since
gamespot seats began in April you can
answer the trivia by clicking the trivia
button well that's all the time we have
today this is Jody let's sing backup
tomorrow